aaaaaaabbbbbbb | aaaaaaabbbbbbb 
aaaaaaabbbbbbb | aaaaaaabbbbbbb 
aaaaaaabbbbbbb | aaaaaaabbbbbbb 
aaaaaaabbbbbbb | aaaaaaabbbbbbb 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbc | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbc | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbc | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbd | False 
aaaaaaacbbbbbbb | aaaaaaacbbbbbbb 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaad | False 
bbbbbbbcaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbcaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbdaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbdaaaaaaa | False 
caaaaaaabbbbbbb | caaaaaaabbbbbbb 
caaaaaaabbbbbbb | caaaaaaabbbbbbb 
dbbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbcc | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbcd | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbdd | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbdd | False 
aaaaaaaccbbbbbbb | aaaaaaaccbbbbbbb 
aaaaaaacdbbbbbbb | aaaaaaacdbbbbbbb 
aaaaaaadbbbbbbbd | False 
aaaaaaadbbbbbbbd | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaacc | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaacc | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaacd | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaadc | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaadd | False 
bbbbbbbcaaaaaaad | False 
bbbbbbbcdaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbdaaaaaaad | False 
bbbbbbbdcaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbddaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbddaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbddaaaaaaa | False 
caaaaaaabbbbbbbc | False 
cbbbbbbbaaaaaaac | False 
cbbbbbbbaaaaaaac | False 
cbbbbbbbdaaaaaaa | False 
cdaaaaaaabbbbbbb | cdaaaaaaabbbbbbb 
daaaaaaacbbbbbbb | daaaaaaacbbbbbbb 
daaaaaaacbbbbbbb | daaaaaaacbbbbbbb 
dbbbbbbbaaaaaaac | False 
dbbbbbbbaaaaaaad | False 
dbbbbbbbcaaaaaaa | False 
ddaaaaaaabbbbbbb | ddaaaaaaabbbbbbb 
ddbbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbccd | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbcdc | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbddc | False 
aaaaaaacbbbbbbbcc | False 
aaaaaaacbbbbbbbdd | False 
aaaaaaaccdbbbbbbb | aaaaaaaccdbbbbbbb 
aaaaaaadcbbbbbbbd | False 
aaaaaaadddbbbbbbb | aaaaaaadddbbbbbbb 
bbbbbbbddaaaaaaac | False 
bbbbbbbdddaaaaaaa | False 
caaaaaaacbbbbbbbc | False 
caaaaaaadbbbbbbbc | False 
cbbbbbbbaaaaaaacc | False 
cbbbbbbbdaaaaaaad | False 
cbbbbbbbdcaaaaaaa | False 
ccdbbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
cddaaaaaaabbbbbbb | cddaaaaaaabbbbbbb 
daaaaaaaddbbbbbbb | daaaaaaaddbbbbbbb 
dcaaaaaaabbbbbbbd | False 
dcdaaaaaaabbbbbbb | dcdaaaaaaabbbbbbb 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbcccc | False 
aaaaaaacdcdbbbbbbb | aaaaaaacdcdbbbbbbb 
aaaaaaadcbbbbbbbcc | False 
aaaaaaadcbbbbbbbcd | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaacddd | False 
bbbbbbbcccaaaaaaac | False 
bbbbbbbddcdaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbdddaaaaaaad | False 
caaaaaaaccbbbbbbbc | False 
caaaaaaadccbbbbbbb | caaaaaaadccbbbbbbb 
cccbbbbbbbaaaaaaad | False 
daaaaaaacbbbbbbbcc | False 
daaaaaaacbbbbbbbcc | False 
daaaaaaadccbbbbbbb | daaaaaaadccbbbbbbb 
dbbbbbbbaaaaaaaddd | False 
dbbbbbbbdaaaaaaacc | False 
dbbbbbbbdddaaaaaaa | False 
dcbbbbbbbdaaaaaaac | False 
aaaaaaaccbbbbbbbddc | False 
aaaaaaadbbbbbbbdddc | False 
aaaaaaadcdcbbbbbbbd | False 
bbbbbbbaaaaaaadccdd | False 
bbbbbbbccdaaaaaaacc | False 
bbbbbbbcddccaaaaaaa | False 
bbbbbbbdcaaaaaaaccc | False 
bbbbbbbdcaaaaaaadcc | False 
bbbbbbbdccaaaaaaacd | False 
caaaaaaadbbbbbbbddd | False 
caaaaaaadccbbbbbbbc | False 
caaaaaaadccbbbbbbbc | False 
cbbbbbbbdaaaaaaaddc | False 
cbbbbbbbdcaaaaaaacc | False 
ccbbbbbbbaaaaaaaddc | False 
cdaaaaaaadbbbbbbbdd | False 
cdbbbbbbbdccaaaaaaa | False 
cdcdbbbbbbbaaaaaaad | False 
daaaaaaabbbbbbbdddc | False 
daaaaaaacbbbbbbbccc | False 
daaaaaaacdddbbbbbbb | daaaaaaacdddbbbbbbb 
daaaaaaaddcbbbbbbbd | False 
dbbbbbbbaaaaaaadcdd | False 
dbbbbbbbcdaaaaaaacd | False 
dcbbbbbbbaaaaaaacdd | False 
dcccaaaaaaacbbbbbbb | dcccaaaaaaacbbbbbbb 
dcdbbbbbbbdaaaaaaac | False 
ddaaaaaaadddbbbbbbb | ddaaaaaaadddbbbbbbb 
ddcdbbbbbbbaaaaaaad | False 
aaaaaaabbbbbbbcdcdcd | False 
aaaaaaacccbbbbbbbccd | False 
aaaaaaaccccbbbbbbbdc | False 
aaaaaaacdcccdbbbbbbb | aaaaaaacdcccdbbbbbbb 
aaaaaaacdcdccbbbbbbb | aaaaaaacdcdccbbbbbbb 
aaaaaaadccbbbbbbbddc | False 
aaaaaaadddbbbbbbbccd | False 
bbbbbbbcccdcaaaaaaac | False 
bbbbbbbcdcddcaaaaaaa | False 
ccdbbbbbbbcaaaaaaadd | False 
cdbbbbbbbddcaaaaaaac | False 
cdcdbbbbbbbcdaaaaaaa | False 
daaaaaaabbbbbbbcdcdd | False 
daaaaaaabbbbbbbdcccc | False 
daaaaaaadcbbbbbbbccd | False 
dbbbbbbbaaaaaaaddddd | False 
aaaaaaaccddbbbbbbbcdd | False 
aaaaaaadcbbbbbbbdcddd | False 
bbbbbbbccdaaaaaaadddc | False 
bbbbbbbdcdaaaaaaaddcc | False 
bbbbbbbddcddccaaaaaaa | False 
caaaaaaacdddbbbbbbbdc | False 
cccbbbbbbbaaaaaaacddd | False 
cdccbbbbbbbcdcaaaaaaa | False 
daaaaaaaccddcbbbbbbbc | False 
daaaaaaadcdbbbbbbbccd | False 
daaaaaaaddcdcbbbbbbbc | False 
dcdbbbbbbbddaaaaaaacd | False 
ddcbbbbbbbddaaaaaaacd | False 
aaaaaaacbbbbbbbdcccccc | False 
aaaaaaadcbbbbbbbcccdcc | False 
aaaaaaadcddcccbbbbbbbc | False 
aaaaaaadddddcbbbbbbbcd | False 
bbbbbbbcdccaaaaaaaddcd | False 
bbbbbbbdaaaaaaacccccdc | False 
caaaaaaaddddcddbbbbbbb | caaaaaaaddddcddbbbbbbb 
cbbbbbbbaaaaaaacdccccd | False 
cbbbbbbbaaaaaaadddddcc | False 
cdaaaaaaaccccdbbbbbbbd | False 
dbbbbbbbdccdcdaaaaaaad | False 
dcbbbbbbbdcccaaaaaaacc | False 
dcbbbbbbbddddcaaaaaaad | False 
ddcdbbbbbbbdaaaaaaaccd | False 
aaaaaaacdcccbbbbbbbccdc | False 
cbbbbbbbddcccdddaaaaaaa | False 
ccbbbbbbbccaaaaaaadddcd | False 
ccdaaaaaaacdbbbbbbbcdcd | False 
cdaaaaaaacddcbbbbbbbcdd | False 
cdcccccaaaaaaadbbbbbbbd | False 
ddcccbbbbbbbcdaaaaaaadc | False 
aaaaaaacdcdccdcddbbbbbbb | aaaaaaacdcdccdcddbbbbbbb 
caaaaaaaccbbbbbbbdcdcddd | False 
cbbbbbbbcdaaaaaaacdddddd | False 
cccbbbbbbbdcccdcaaaaaaac | False 
dcdcdcddaaaaaaadbbbbbbbc | False 
aaaaaaadccdcccdbbbbbbbddc | False 
cdbbbbbbbcccddcaaaaaaadcd | False 
ddaaaaaaabbbbbbbcdccddddd | False 
aaaaaaadcdcddcccdcbbbbbbbc | False 
bbbbbbbcdcccddaaaaaaacdccd | False 
cccdddbbbbbbbdcaaaaaaacddc | False 
cdaaaaaaabbbbbbbdddccccdccc | False 
cdccccccccddcbbbbbbbaaaaaaa | False 
caaaaaaaddcccdbbbbbbbccccddd | False 
cbbbbbbbcaaaaaaacdcddcdcdcdd | False 
cdaaaaaaabbbbbbbddddcddccccc | False 
cbbbbbbbdcdcccaaaaaaaddddddcdcc | False 
ccaaaaaaadccddccccddcddbbbbbbbc | False 
